The biggest risk I've taken in my career was to go be chief engineer aboard
USS. All right, lady, you engineers were fired for failing light
off exam. Three engineers turned down the job. I was the fourth guy.
I was hit by my also Waas, chief of staff. The fleet, that actual
reason and the taipan arose broke. It needed to be fixed on that wasa
very gutsy call to go do that. Uh, basically she she was broken
on. She needs a lot of help. I was able to go there. Thank you, dear.
It was in a year we passed our light off exam way past our tea or
coffee off about lead. Holy book trophy time with only one ship off
to class one ship, his body will get it. Sure. That 12 5 Very satisfied
with that. That was quite the rest go. I could have said no. I just
want to execute my orders. What is it? Maybe needed me to go out